    As half of my university life has gone, i will be a junior in the next week, but i'm still confused.
    In the past two years, i have done much things. In the first year, i don't pay enough attention to my own work, just leaning the c programming language, and find programming is very interesting(except debug). Not at all, i still learn much about history and how to look this current world while i got F in my senior Math subject. But I DON'T regret for it because i stick to think that it's more inportant to learn how to be a man than just the knowledge from textbooks.
    But it's not the long-term idea to avoid learning professional knowledge. I will go to the society and find a job eventually. So i work hard in the past year. i learned so much, such as the data stucture, digital and analog eletronics, electric circuits, java, c, operating system, computer organization and design, probobility theory and so on. i not only got A grade in those subject, but i also deeply think about them, like why we should learn them and draw the knowledge map(in my mind). i just want to say i did not copy them from books but think of them, and through deep thinking, i found the most important in university is the " thought of engineer ". Because maybe someday i will forget all the things i've learned, but the "thought of engineer" can accompany my whole life.
    Beyond those subjects in time schedule, i've learn from network and professional books(not textbooks), i love wandering in my school library where there are many interesting and professional and expansive books but nobody read them.The most amazing book i've seen is OSTEP, and its online courses shared by Nanjing University is amazing too, which ignite my passoin of OS.Additionally, the teacher of that online course show me many fancy skills and tools in linux, awesome!What's more, he teach me to be honest, whatever in life or experiments or papers. Although it will harm my scores, but actually improve myself, and the latter is more important obviously.
    In this summer, i don't play all the time like what i did in my past life. I have learned for over 150 hours.( it seems very much, but my learning is so slow). In this summer, i reviewed the OS online courses at first, and then i start to change my prior OS from windows to ubuntu, then i read the "advanced bash script" and some other guides to learn bash, which must be the language to talk to linux, and i love it. With bash i can do many thing more elegant than on windows, so happy. For further learing, i learned the "missing semester 2020", which every teenager programmer should learn i think haha. It shows me so much and ignite my passion again to explore Computer Science.
    Maybe i should be happy for my achievement now, because i've learned many things? But after learning so much, i'am still confused that whether can i find i nice and dream job? u know , there are so many many graduates who know more than me, or have higher Education Degree than me. I'm afraid.
    In the next 8 months, i should go to find a job practice, but i haven't done a project. The project i much bigger i think than just some bash scripts or just the experiments in subject, which i'am afraid whether i can handle it.I've bought a project online course, and maybe i will follow him to do a project, and i wish i can think deeply as what i have done.
    i love Computer, just a little confused about future. I can not tell you with more details because i can't remember them at now.
    the most proud thing of me is i've done experiments last semeter independly, and the paper too. The experiment of OS is to implement a Virtual Memory Model in C++ language. I still remember that day i can't help thinking the data stucture of it and implenting it, even while reviewing the analog electronics exam hah.Additionally, i found linux is more elegant because some elegant bash can do a lot of things, and i wrote some scripts in /usr/bin to make my life easier.Oh yes, i have exercised my keyboard input for some time, now i got 50 WPM , from almost just 30 WPM.Aha, i wrote these words in vim, it is so amazing text editor, and i like it, as many linux tools.Life is more quick without mouse.
    However i am still confused and afraid.i have a reading list, while my reading speed is so slow. I am star a repo that written by students from top colleges, it seems that He has read many many books and learned many many online courses.I am so slow.Although i am great in my university(maybe), but in the society, i am nothing? i don't know.
    In the last silent year of university,( i won't learn to be Master Degree, because many of reasons ), i want to learn more about Operating system, from its basic and top abstract, and some useful tools, like git, cmake, gdb, vim, regular expression , bash, python and so on, And the computer network. And i will try to UNDERSTANDING them instead of just using them, although learn them is a big business.
    could u give me some advices?
